well it's very very good to see you too
how did the big premiere go in New York
it was a Sunday night I've never seen it
with an audience so it was kind of
incredible to see all the screaming and
jumping first of all honestly the movie
is great I think it's hard to make a
great sequel it's especially hard to be
possible and that's why we were really
reluctant to even entertain the thought
of a sequel but then Jon pitched me the
opening of the movie which is amazing so
he worked on the opening a movie and it
is amazing it hasn't worked on the scene
and then he came to you and said hey I
have an idea of how we could start this
you'd be an idiot not to want to be in
this thing right now Alex had said you
know I don't want a real Austin would he
pout or would he or would he have recast
you real awesome is just me oh that
would be weird especially at home that
would be weird too especially for your
daughters who would suddenly have the
movies fantastic Thanks I think it might
be better than the first 20 and the
first one was just absolutely well okay
because brie Lawson's in this yeah we'll
get into that a little bit later yeah
okay the premiere went well when you're
watching a movie and you a scary movie
at yes movie and you're in it is it
still tense and scary I mean it is and I
know where the scares are coming from
but it is that scary that I still jump I
just draw at yourself being jumped yeah
yeah I do
but it's funny cuz when you're actually
shooting a lot of those scenes that's
when it's not very scary mm-hmm because
you're having to sort of orchestrate big
camera moves and when the creature is
revealed when it's not so John said when
he was editing he could just hear
himself over the shot go and creature
and everyone's like looking at a tennis
ball at the same time uh-huh it's always
a tennis ball like I feel like the other
balls at the sporting goods store are
not being given their fare it's always a
tennis ball it's like a rugby ball up
there something nice for once anyway
like what's rugby oh speaking of ball
we've got like was this a beginning of
yarn or what is
going on here what did you bring here
well I want to show you something that I
think would be a nice way for you to
unwind it has John Krasinski's salvation
Oh since finishing post-production have
you guys heard of finger weaving no this
is something off
she sent that's I thought the creature
was here the length of its if so of his
finger weaving Coco these are little
rings so this so what I had heard is
that Martin Scorsese at the end of a
shoot is so exhausting so stressed that
he often has to institutionalize himself
when check himself into a hospital for a
week John did not have time for that
because we had the premiere so instead
he turned to finger weaving that our
six-year-old daughter taught him how to
do so oh I see wrist so so okay so your
daughter taught him this and then he got
caught up in it I mean and started doing
himself and now I'm worried that I am
already getting interested in it so
twist the one in the same way okay I
think I did yeah okay and then take the
blue by the way I'm really impressed
with myself for kind of getting this
okay and flip it over okay we also chose
the same colors and then and then yeah
flip it so take the blue flip it over
okay then take this one flip it over
mm-hmm I think I've already screwed it
up yeah well and you keep going and then
you get your next band and then you keep
going and then you make and then what
can you make out of this this just
snakes just knit you can't make a
sweater can't you just make snakes
houses full of snakes
really yeah whoa wow you guys really are
living scary lives all right do you
remember like I think it was like two
days after John handed in the film he
started finger weaving and I remember
looking at him thinking is he okay feel
so nice didn't answer me he was just
like just I was like John John John like
he was gone well at least at the end of
all this work you've got a nice long
string that kind of looks like a snake
you might find it looks see it's already
beginning yeah I don't know
that's gonna become a snake but I'm
gonna practice and we'll see if I come
up with anything you I learned something
about you that I did not know and this I
know that you have a lovely singing
voice this is making me nervous so I'm
gonna keep going
yeah you can sing at one time almost
left into the world of pop music and
became a pop star I could have been
Britney you could have been Britain what
happened why weren't you want are
because I realize I'm not good at
dancing and I didn't want to be Britney
I don't know why I think I approached
you and tried to get you a fight I don't
want to tell you too much cuz I feel
like someone's gonna find these songs
I've oh you have songs I see what art
what's how many songs did you record do
you know want to know the name of one of
them I yes very much
bring it up there's a song called bring
it up it will never see the light of day
did you write the song no no I can't
write uh-huh I can't really someone
wrote you a song and then they said what
and they said I think you have a nice
voice
and I think that you could be a pop star
said I can't dance they said don't worry
about it uh-huh um we'll teach you it
didn't work I tried to learn and then I
was doing a play do you see how nervous
I'm getting come on stop
look at this it's beginning though yeah
this has begun I did it my first job was
with Judi Dench oh wow
yeah the Dame uh-huh which was
incredible and she was wonderful to me
and she I went to her for advice because
I was really really nervous about this
career that I didn't know was right for
me I didn't think was right for me and
she said oh no darling you can't do
those you can't act and do that she
talked you out of it told me how she was
jealous at the kibosh on it you couldn't
do it you could act and see how can you
felt you can do snakes and do a talk
show interviews I know how good I am at
multi-table you know Christina Aguilera
is here tonight maybe she could finger
weave wall sheep before I bet you
freaking time but she can that's right
all right we're gonna make a snake
before we come back and lick blood is
here we will see a scene from a quiet
place part two after this we'll be right
back
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape